Documenting plotting and sensitivity functions (#308)
esqLABS/esqlabsR: vignettes/example-workflow.Rmd

```{r, include = FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(
  collapse = TRUE,
  comment = "#>"
)
knitr::opts_knit$set(
  root.dir = "../tests/data/TestProject/Code/"
)
```

> ```{r, echo = FALSE, results = "hide", message = F}

Reviewer: Same comments as above.

* the `ProjectConfiguration.xlsx` stores paths to four configuration files: `Parameters/IndividualPhysiology.xlsx`, `Parameters/ApplicationParameters.xlsx`, `Parameters/Scenarios.xlsx` and `Parameters/IndividualParameters.xlsx`
* the `IndividualPhysiology.xlsx` file defines an individual called `Indiv1`: an aged 30, 73 kg and 176 cm Caucasian human male.
* the `ApplicationParameters.xlsx` defines a protocol called `Aciclovir_iv_250mg`: a single dose of 250 mg delivered to the `Applications|IV 250mg 10min|Application_1|ProtocolSchemaItem` container.
* the `Scenarios.xlsx` defines a scenario called `TestScenario`, using `Indiv1` as an individual and `Aciclovir_iv_250mg` as the application protocol. The model file `Aciclovir.pkml` is also referenced and is expected to exist in the `projectConfiguration$modelFolder` folder. 
* the `IndividualParameters.xlsx` file redefines the GFR to be 90 mL/min

> Scenarios are then executed by creating a `ScenarioConfiguration` class instance and calling a `runScenarios()` function with a specific scenario name (`TestScenario` in this case):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scenarios are then executed by creating a `ScenarioConfiguration` object and calling a `runScenarios()` function with a specific scenario name (`TestScenario` in this case):
```

> The `runScenarios()` function returns a named list of lists with `Simulation` class instances, `SimulationResults` class instances, and vectors of output values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `runScenarios()` function returns a named list of lists with `Simulation` objects, `SimulationResults` objects, and vectors of output values.
```
